hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be doing and what I read in April video
so it's first book I read will be hard
choices memoirs of harry clinton and i
am a massive fan of hillary clinton i
which is just such an inspirational
woman i really enjoyed reading about her
time as Secretary of State's under
Obama's presidency it's fairly heavy but
not so much that it's not accessible the
next book I read was M is for magic
which is a collection of short stories
by Neil Gaiman I have these were a
little too young for me actually
thinking about it but I love Neil Gaiman
work I think he is just incredible we
put this real senses or magic and
everything that you said is quicker task
I mean think of Coraline it's that kind
of distorted distorted view of the world
I think that this would be ideal for
maybe children between nine and fourteen
but yes I probably extend it over to 18
the next book I read was we need to talk
about kevin by lionel Schreiber it was
completely and utterly haunting and it's
quite a famous novel but I'll just give
you a brief synopsis of what happens
it's about a boy called Kevin who three
days short of his 16th birthday isn't or
he conducts a school shooting at his
school and killed seven people and one
cafeteria worker and it's written from
the perspective of the mum and she's
reflecting on Kevin's childhood and how
he behaved as a child and it is just
incredible a psychological thriller I
love reading books which have that
psychological element and as well the
kids they're so much more interesting
and if you're the same with me then I
think you are going to adore this book
but it is haunting the next book I read
was thirteen minutes by Saratov from
which is definitely
teen fiction it's very light I read it
in an evening in the morning before the
book is about a girl who is found in a
rhythm and she's declared dead for
thirteen minutes but don't you have come
back to life after that
and it's kind of try to figure out what
killed her and what happened to her and
why she ended up in that River so it's
it's murder mystery for teenagers really
the one thing that put me off it was the
fact that there is a lot of incessant
swearing and reference to drugs and
alcohol and that's not really something
that I can relate with so that put me
off it but the storyline in itself is
interesting
the next book while it actually played
but it's called free cloth which is by
jean-paul Sartre and and this is very
short it only it took me about a car
journey to route but it's talking about
it exploring the idea of Hell we
referenced it in our s so I decided to
read it some it's from this that the
same of quote hell is other people is
derived which is very famous I'm sure
you private that line but I recommend
this it's for this article and if you
love philosophy then you will adore it
the next thing that I read is actually
an essay but I'm including it in books
because it was quite long it's exploring
Dante in 17th century it Rochelle
because daddy wasn't really upon the
part of 17th century literature and so
the the academic is trying to pinpoint
places where he actually does appear in
the writings of novelists and poets
during this period and it is just it's
just really interesting the next book is
The Secret Life of Bees by soon marks
kid I loved it it's such a beautiful
storage really heartwarming it's about a
young girl called Edie I think she is 14
and she has abusive father and she runs
away with her black friend and they go
and live in the house of this beekeeper
it explore racism really how horrible
people can be I read the penguin little
black classic of Dante which is circles
of hell
so this has got a few passages from
Inferno and similarly about mr. Norris I
thought it would be quite a good thing
to read and I come up with read quotes
mail for a slave and also it should be
interesting actually to analyze because
it's more peace of kind of fiction that
you can analyze as a piece of literature
as opposed to just one philosophical
idea I'm going to be quite quick because
my camera is nearly out of charge the
next book I read is spot the difference
by Gino Dawson which is one of the with
as well book de books as it's really
short I read it down in a car journey
and it's about bullying which is why I
decided to read it then I read the book
in therapy by susie or back or back has
written up a series of sessions between
therapist and patient and then you can
just read through it to understand a bit
more about therapy and i thought it was
really interesting I arrived The
Magician's Nephew by CS Lewis which of
course is very famous but I never read
the Narnia Chronicles when I was little
only a read the line which in the
wardrobe then the last book I read was
the mystery of the clockwork fire by
Katharine would find and this was an
incredible book um it it was rather easy
I did find it quite easy it's set in
Victorian England and this is possibly
my favorite period of history I love
using Victorian literature so Dickens is
one of my favorites but I also like
reading modern books which are set in
the Victorian period
there's something really calming and
comforting with the rest of two
petticoats handkerchiefs
so this book is about a new department
store which is said to be opening course
and class but tonight for the grand
opening some precious artifacts from the
exhibition area mysteriously missing
amongst them clock wax berry and it's
mystery trying to uncover who took them
I hear this is quite similar to murder
as most unladylike but I definitely
recommend this it's really light read
but I don't think you'll regret it play
about all of the books that I read last
month I hope you enjoyed watching and I
hope that you decide to read some of the
instructor yourselves so thank you again
and have productive week